=The Crow Princess of Fortune=
=Episode 13=
What are you doing?
Money you give me stays mine.
Are you too broke to eat now?
Here, take this.
Let's go.
Your Highness,
are we still going after her?
Going after her for what?
From now on, whoever dares bully Suisui
is making an enemy of me.
Later, hand all
the protection fees over to her.
(Imperial Academy)
Your Highness.
You've been standing here
for half an hour already.
- Why don't you sit down for a while?
- No.
Your leg just recovered,
and you've been standing this long.
Come on.
Dajun.
Look what time it is already.
Why isn't the Little Princess out yet?
How could His Highness not be worried?
Oh, right.
Do you think our Little Princess might
be getting bullied by her classmates?
Shi, you're overthinking it.
It's already good enough
if our Little Princess
doesn't bully others.
You think
the Little Princess bullies people?
Now that I think about it, maybe.
No, wait.
The Little Princess loves money so much.
If she bullied someone, she'd definitely
squeeze some silver out of them.
But what if she gets too much silver
and can't carry it all?
No, this won't do.
The courtyard wall isn't that high.
You're good at this stuff.
Climb in and see if she needs help.
What silver? Why should I climb in?
Look at you. Useless when it matters.
Are you going or not?
If you won't go, I will.
Suisui.
Little Princess.
Father, I really loves going to school.
Prince Jing,
ever since Suisui entered the palace,
your health has fully recovered.
Your mood has improved quite a bit too.
I know you cherish this child,
but everything has its limits.
I've heard she turned
the Imperial Academy upside down
and even started doing business there.
Suisui does have a talent for business.
Was I praising you?
I was reminding you
not to spoil her too much.
Suisui is Heaven's blessed lucky star.
Father will understand in time.
Suisui.
What are you looking for?
Grandfather.
Why does your room feel so strange?
Dust on the beams,
empty under the eaves.
A hole by the wall leads underground.
Treasure lies beneath the Dragon Throne.
Too bad Grandfather
can't sit steady on it.
How dare you!
Father, please calm down.
Suisui is still young
and spoke carelessly.
I am willing to take
the punishment for her.
Grandfather, don't be angry.
I just meant it literally.
I'm saying
there's something under your throne.
If you don't blame me
for what happened
at the Imperial Academy,
then I'm willing
to split it fifty-fifty with you.
Now you're bargaining with me too?
Fine, I agree.
I'd like to see
what exactly
is hidden beneath my throne.
This is...
Hey, what's going on?
Well, Grandfather?
The treasure
under your seat isn't bad, right?
What exactly happened here?
At the end of the previous dynasty,
when war and chaos filled the land,
someone hid treasures
beneath this throne,
planning to come back for them
after the dynasty changed.
But no one lived to see that day,
so these little ones
ended up benefiting from it.
Isn't this the jade ruyi, the national
treasure of the former dynasty?
With all these treasures presented to me...
Grandfather,
you still haven't agreed to my request.
Suisui.
I agree to everything.
I agree.
Prince Jing was right.
You truly are my little lucky star.
From now on, whoever dares slander you again,
I will be the first to deal with them.
Deeply regret it?
My mother just won't give up.
Now she's even resorted
to hurting herself for sympathy.
♪Little lucky star,
twinkling with a wink at me♪
♪Every Chinese New Year day brings
the luckiest fortune slip♪
♪The God of Wealth favors me,
the Matchmaker ties red strings for me♪
♪With firecrackers going off,
good things keep coming one after another♪
♪Make a wish on the very first day
of the Chinese New Year♪
♪By the second day,
my belly's already round♪
♪Always talking about dieting,
but the chub never disappears♪
♪Good food brings joy
and happiness every single day♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
every year is filled with joy♪
♪I'm bringing blessings to everyone♪
♪Hands clasped together in greeting♪
♪May every family be sweet and happy♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
may everything go your way♪
♪Endlessly flowing♪
♪Good fortune♪